feat(otelcol-traces): load balancing from agent to collector (#2137)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/docs/opentelemetry_collector.md

```

[yq]: https://mikefarah.gitbook.io/yq/v/v3.x/

## Traces

### Load balancing using the gateway

> Open Telemetry supports Trace ID aware load balancing. An example use case for load balancing is scaling a cascading_filter that requires spans with same Trace ID to be send to the same collector instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Telemetry supports Trace ID aware load balancing. An example use case for load balancing is scaling `cascading_filter` that requires spans with same Trace ID to be send to the same collector instance.
```

> Sumologic kubernetes collection supports three layer architecture - with an agent, gateway and a collector - in order to perform Trace ID aware load balancing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sumo Logic kubernetes collection supports three layer architecture - with an agent, gateway and a collector - in order to perform Trace ID aware load balancing.
```

```

[yq]: https://mikefarah.gitbook.io/yq/v/v3.x/

## Traces
### Load balancing using the gateway

> Open Telemetry supports [Trace ID aware load balancing](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/exporter/loadbalancingexporter/README.md).

Author: Sure.

An example use case for load balancing is scaling a [cascading_filter](https://help.sumologic.com/Traces/03Advanced_Configuration/What_if_I_don't_want_to_send_all_the_tracing_data_to_Sumo_Logic%3F) that requires spans with same Trace ID to be send to the same collector instance.

Sumologic kubernetes collection supports three layer architecture - with an agent, gateway and a collector - in order to perform Trace ID aware load balancing.
Agent, if load balancing is configured, sends traces to the gateway. Gateway is configured with a load balancing exporter pointing to the collector headless service. Gateway may also be exposed outside cluster, allowing to load balance traces originating from outside kubernetes cluster.

Sample config:

```yaml
sumologic:
  traces:
    enabled: true
    loadBalancing: true
  metrics:

>     enabled: false

Reviewer: This is the default. No need to mention it

Author: ```
  ### Metrics configuration
  ## Set the enabled flag to false for disabling metrics ingestion altogether.
  metrics:
    enabled: true
```

Author: Regarding misconfiguration, if loadBalancing is true but gateway is dissabled, it will be problematic. I'll change tge condition to check for both values

Author: Added missing lines. Thanks for catching this.
